README.md, before:

# in.c

in.c is a web application that uses the Web Audio API to perform Terry Riley's 1964 composition [In C][inc], accompanied by visualizations of the music being played.

This current iteration of in.c [was developed for](http://cargocollective.com/user-required/Jeff-Pierce-and-Dave-Howell) the [User Required exhibition](http://cargocollective.com/user-required) at the Burlington City Arts gallery in Burlington, VT.

## Running in.c

Launch in.c by running:

	node app.js

Then browse to [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/). in.c only works in Google Chrome.

## Licensing

The source code to in.c has been made available for educational use only. That being said, we intend to extract several components of the javascript code developed for in.c into separate libraries that will be made available under an open source license. Stay tuned!

## Acknowledgements

in.c makes uses of the [Entypo pictograms by Daniel Bruce][entypo], the [Ostrich Sans font family by Tyler Finck][ostrich], and the Freebooter Script font from [apostrophic lab][apostrophic].

The composition "In C" is the copyright of Terry Riley / Celestial Harmonies.

[inc]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_C
[entypo]: http://www.entypo.com/
[ostrich]: http://www.theleagueofmoveabletype.com/ostrich-sans
[apostrophic]: http://moorstation.org/typoasis/designers/lab/index.htm

Commit message:

Switch to CC Share Alike 3.0 License

README.md, after:

# in.c

in.c is a web application that uses the Web Audio API to perform Terry Riley's 1964 composition [In C][inc], accompanied by visualizations of the music being played.

This current iteration of in.c [was developed for](http://cargocollective.com/user-required/Jeff-Pierce-and-Dave-Howell) the [User Required exhibition](http://cargocollective.com/user-required) at the Burlington City Arts gallery in Burlington, VT.

## Running in.c

Launch in.c by running:

	node app.js

Then browse to [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/). in.c only works in Google Chrome.

## Licensing

The source code to in.c has been made available under the [Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/). Several components (particularly the musical notation parsing and temperment calculations) will be extracted out into separate libraries under their own licenses in the future. Stay tuned!

## Acknowledgements

in.c makes uses of the [Entypo pictograms by Daniel Bruce][entypo], the [Ostrich Sans font family by Tyler Finck][ostrich], and the Freebooter Script font from [apostrophic lab][apostrophic].

The composition "In C" is the copyright of Terry Riley / Celestial Harmonies.

[inc]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_C
[entypo]: http://www.entypo.com/
[ostrich]: http://www.theleagueofmoveabletype.com/ostrich-sans
[apostrophic]: http://moorstation.org/typoasis/designers/lab/index.htm
